Added IDE notes for VSCode (#4036)
ros2/ros2_documentation: source/How-To-Guides/ROS-2-IDEs.rst

> See :doc:`Setup ROS2 with VSCode and Docker<Setup-ROS-2-with-VSCode-and-Docker-Container>` for full instructions on how to use VSCode, in combination with Docker.

Reviewer: Let's move this line after the introduction to VSCode.  That is, move this right before the `PyCharm` heading.

> VSCode is relatively easy to use with ROS2, both on Linux or Windows.
> Simply activate your environment in a command line and start the VSCode application from the same terminal and use as normal.
> So:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
VSCode is relatively easy to use with ROS 2.
Simply activate your environment in a command line and start the VSCode application from the same terminal and use as normal:
```

#. Create your ROS workspace as you would normally.

> #. In a terminal, source both ROS2 and your install (if it was built already).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. In a terminal, source both ROS 2 and your install (if it was built already).
```

#. Start VSCode from the same command line. The terminal will be blocked until the application is closed again.

.. tabs::

   .. group-tab:: Linux

      .. code-block:: bash

        source /opt/ros/{DISTRO}/setup.bash
        cd ~/dev_ws
        source ./install/setup.bash
        /usr/bin/code ./src/my_node/

   .. group-tab:: macOS

      .. code-block:: console

        . ~/ros2_install/ros2-osx/setup.bash
        cd ~/dev_ws
        . ./install/setup.bash
        /Applications/Visual Studio Code.app/Contents/Resources/app/bin/code ./src/my_node/

   .. group-tab:: Windows (CMD)

      .. code-block:: console

        call C:\dev\ros2\local_setup.bat
        cd C:\dev_ws
        call .\install\local_setup.bat
        "C:\Program Files\Microsoft VS Code\Code.exe" .\src\my_node\

   .. group-tab:: Windows (PowerShell)

      .. code-block:: console

        C:\dev\ros2\local_setup.ps1
        cd C:\dev_ws
        .\install\local_setup.ps1

>         & "C:\Program Files\Microsoft VS Code\Code.exe" .\src\my_node\

Reviewer: We don't tend to have different tabs for Windows CMD and Windows Powershell.  For an example of how we do this, please see https://github.com/ros2/ros2_documentation/blob/97bd9fe70ceee22fa5cd02f8668f537c5a8e4b98/source/Installation/Maintaining-a-Source-Checkout.rst#L49-L59

VSCode and any terminal created inside VSCode will correctly inherit from the parent environment and should have ROS and installed package available.

.. note::

   After adding packages or making major changes you might need to source your install again.
   The simplest way to do this is to close VSCode and restart it as above.

Python
^^^^^^

In your workspace, verify the correct interpreter is used.
Through sourcing the basic command ``python`` should be correct, but VSCode likes to resort to an absolute path for Python.
In the bottom right corner click on "Selected Python Interpreter" to change it.

> If your ROS2 Python version is from a virtual environment, VSCode will try to source it at each run command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your ROS 2 Python version is from a virtual environment, VSCode will try to source it at each run command.
```
